[Music]
pascale muadh has worked in the jewelry
business for over a decade and has been
surrounded by beautiful diamond since
birth his family has been working in the
diamond business for over a century
Vaughn had the opportunity to meet with
Pascal who's now working with such
high-profile celebrities as Nicole
Richie and Kim Kardashian for his
collection glam house in Pascal Malwa
I'm the founder of glam house and we're
very excited about the launch of glam
House calm and now andrew is going to
find out more about him I have to ask
you how did you get started with jewelry
in the first place like did your parents
just shooting - it was fortunate to have
been born in the family he's been in the
business 121 years
this is 1890 I knew that one day I would
take over my family business so I never
really thought of anything but jewelry
once I moved to LA absolutely Mouse what
happened is I was doing fine jewelry
under the Mawlid label the family
business then my first celebrity
collaboration was with Heidi Klum hmm
and how did woman I decided to
collaborate because I was working with
Victoria's Secret for numerous years I
did the fantasy bras so then when I
moved from New York to LA and like it
was my next celebrity partnership and
the caliche at the time wanted to do a
jewelry line so we sat down and we
decided to work together and that's
basically how the glam house business
started and now you know we're about to
launch our site the viewers are gonna
love glam house College I want to see
that de bras can you show me I'll show
you the bras so she's actually the least
expensive very happy million and this is
a gorgeous product Gisele wore 2005
called the very the sexy splendor
because the diamond there is a hundred
carat diamond from the MAL what's
blender collection today quite frankly
this stone is really worth north of 20
million dollars the batter back in 2005
it was worth less today they're worth
more they're more rare so these are just
out of the ordinary you design a lot for
red carpet how does that process work do
you see the dress first or is the
jewelry first
what's chicken are the ages we worked a
lot with stylists and the stylists will
determine what dress the celebrities we
were and what jewelry that you were in
many cases the dress comes first the
jury comes second in some cases where
where the jury is really spectacular it
takes precedence over the dress Andrea
and Pascal went over to his showroom to
check out the glam house collection
[Music]
glamorous showroom house and Andrea was
about to try on some serious bling lo
love this design Maren Watson
that's congr edition that's the hair
that's the hairpiece that's the
headpiece her line is more bold a lot of
yellow metal very glitzy very glamorous
that's what came credential stands for
this is a line called Rachel II ritually
is a New York designer she's being in
the business of seven years she's all
about the class system cool yeah you
know you might think at first that it
opens up from here but in reality
doesn't right opens up in the back for
the summer for a winner
facing the seasons but you know they're
beautiful stacked a lot of a lot of
glitz a lot of simulation of fire comes
out of the stones I think they're pretty
I mean look at his gorgeous actually
looks really well with what we wearing
mashes that's one piece actually came
mores quite a bit
that's a headpiece I'm being crowned
it's an accessories everything you do is
an accessory you can't back like so
there's a lot I would say either this is
my favorite or this it looks like you
know let me pull out the case for you
beautiful I love this one you guys have
a lot of these cool rings I have a lot
of these armor rings see a lot of girls
were in her jewelry and which is great
okay I do and that cool
that is awesome oh my god I've never
seen that before come on a stock there
you go
I'm glad we had a chance to chat and I
love for you to come for the glam
house.com launch I'll see you tomorrow
night okay
hey you can't have a lunch without a
party and Pasco Cecily knows how to
throw a great party
[Music]
andr decided to take Bethany along to
check out the action back at the grand
house showroom
[Music]
so Pascal definitely knows how to throw
a great party
[Music]